[Music]
hi friends this week we're making wonton
noodle soup a wonderfully delicious
hearty dish to warm our bellies as the
weather cools this dish has several
recipes but I'll break down the steps to
make it a breeze to prepare to make the
wonton we need ground pork shrimp minced
onions minced garlic moister sauce
sesame oil sugar salt ground black
pepper and wonton wrappers for the soup
we need wonton noodles or thin egg
noodles chicken broth water salt onions
shrimp chives and baby bok choy if
you're a garlic lover you'll also want
to make this delicious garlic topping
for this we need minced garlic and
vegetable oil one final ingredient is
roast pork I shared this recipe earlier
so please check out my channel or click
the link to see the video let's start
first by preparing the noodles place the
noodles in a large colander now take
each bundle and loosen the strands bring
a large pot of water to a rapid boil and
then add the noodles stir the noodles in
the hot water and cook for just one
minute
as the noodles are thin they cook really
fast so avoid overcooking them pour the
noodles into a colander
now we rinse with cool water several
times to stop the cooking process toss
the noodles in the colander shaking off
as much of the remaining water as
possible now spread the noodles onto a
large plate and allow them to air dry
while we continue with the next steps I
like to put down a piece of paper towel
to help absorb the moisture
next we make the filling for the wonton
we start first by thinly slicing the
shrimp let's add it into the bowl where
we have the ground pork now for the
seasonings let's add the minced onions
minced garlic moister sauce sesame oil
sugar salt and lastly black pepper mix
everything together combining all the
ingredients well
now we can make the wontons take one of
the wrappers and place it on a cutting
board with one of the corners pointed
toward you place about a half a
tablespoon of filling onto the wrapper
dip your finger in water and run it
along the top edges of the wrapper take
the corner closest to you and fold it
over lining up the edges now press down
along the edges to seal the wrapper
gently press your finger into the wonton
making a small indentation wet your
finger again and dab it on the right
corner of the wonton now bring the
corners together so the wrapper overlaps
pinch it together to seal it there are
lots of variations when making wontons
but this is my favorite and it's pretty
simple and keep going until all of the
filling is used bring a large pot of
water to a gentle boil and then add the
wontons a few at a time gently stir the
wonton making sure they don't stick to
the bottom of the pot cook the wontons
for just 5 minutes stirring occasionally
avoid rapidly boiling the water as it
will cause the wonton wrappers to break
scoop out the 1-ton using a slotted
spoon give it a quick shake to remove
the excess water and then transfer into
a colander the next step is to make the
garlic topping and this is super easy in
a small skillet add the minced garlic
and vegetable oil saute the garlic over
medium high heat until it's golden brown
this takes approximately 2 minutes now
for the final part making the soup in a
medium saucepan add the chicken broth
and then add the water now add the
quartered onions don't worry we're not
eating all of these onions they're used
to sweeten the broth cover the pot and
bring the broth to a boil turn the heat
to low and simmer the broth for 5
minutes
now that the broth is sweetened we can
scoop out the onions let's give the
broth a taste adjust the salt or sugar
levels to your preference I'm going to
add a little bit more salt add the baby
bok choy to the broth and cook for just
one minute turn off the heat and now add
the shrimp to stir
add a generous amount of the noodles
into a bowl and then sprinkle half a TSP
of sesame oil on the noodles add several
pieces of the one-time and then some
slices of roast pork add the bok choy
and the shrimp let's add the fresh
chives on top ladle a generous amount of
the broth into the bowl add the
delicious garlic topping and we finish
with some freshly ground black pepper
hi I hope you've enjoyed this easy
how-to video if you have any questions
or comments please feel free to post
below for full recipes check out runaway
rice calm I work on new recipes each
week so please subscribe to my channel
to stay tuned this is Trang wishing you
good eating
and good health thanks for watching